1. What are the request methods in http?
These are the nine HTTP methods typically associated with RESTful web development and the Hypertext Transfer Protocol and most commonly used by RESTful API designers:
GET.
PUT.
POST.
DELETE.
PATCH.
HEAD.
OPTIONS.
TRACE.
CONNECT.
The 1.0 version of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol, issued way back in 1996, only defined three HTTP verbs: GET, POST and HEAD.

2. Find the out the difference between GET and POST methods?
A)

 GET :-

1)In GET method we can not send large amount of data rather limited data of some number of characters is sent because the request parameter is appended into the URL. 
2)GET request is comparatively better than Post so it is used more than the Post request.
3)GET requests are only used to request data (not modify)
4)GET request is comparatively less secure because the data is exposed in the URL bar.
5)Request made through GET method are stored in Browser history.
6)GET method request can be saved as bookmark in browser.
7)Request made through GET method are stored in cache memory of Browser. 

 POST :-

1)n POST method large amount of data can be sent because the request parameter is appended into the body.
2)POST request is comparatively less better than Get method, so it is used less than the Get request.
3)POST requests can be used to create and modify data.
4)POST request is comparatively more secure because the data is not exposed in the URL bar.
5)Request made through POST method is not stored in Browser history.
6)POST method request can not be saved as bookmark in browser.
7)Request made through POST method are not stored in cache memory of Browser.


3. How to send the files as response in express js?
A)The res. sendFile() function transfers the file at the given path and it sets the Content-Type response HTTP header field based on the filename extension. Parameter: The path parameter describes the path and the options parameter contains various properties like maxAge, root, etc and fn is the callback function.
__dirname is an environment variable that tells you the absolute path of the directory containing the currently executing file.